the problem statement is you have to count the number
of vowels in a given string
So what are vowels the characters A
E i O and U
are called vowels
For example
If the given string is Tamil then the vowels in
this string are A and I
So we have vowel count equal to two now
If the given string is nature then the vowels in this string are
a u and e
So we have vowel count equal to three
So your task is to write the logic for this
vowel count problem and submitted using the below compiler
see some sample inputs and corresponding outputs
If the input is the string Tamil the expected output
is two
If the input is the string nature the expected output
is three.